Welcome back my dear student in this lecture here we are going to be encrypting the password field here
that we get from the registration form so that way we can have and we can get this and the password
in a different format.
So hackers cannot get into our database or see a mess right.
So let's go ahead and do that right now so we know the is actually go down.
We know that we are getting this record this field from the database this column right here around Sa'ad
we're getting that value right here right.
Well let's do something with it let's go ahead and play some of that security feature that we we learned
in the course when encrypted password.
If you don't remember you need to go back and watch you OK because I'm going to go more in detail in
a lecture about encrypted passwords.
But anyway so here I go.
I'm assuming that you already watched the video.
I'm not going to explain too much about it so I'm going to actually write down the password.
I'm going to rewrite the password from up here.
All right.
I'm going to put this variable.
I'm going to sign these variable a function called crypt.
All right.
So the crypt is going to take two parameters.
First is going to take the original password that we got up there and the second is going to be the
salt.
All right which is going to be this guy right here.
All right.
So I know that.
So that value the big value they use on the database is going to go there.
Here and then here this is the password so he's going to put them both together combine them do whatever
they usually whatever he does right and then that's encrypted for us.
All right.
If you want more details about it you can go to that BHB and watch my mother lecture about it.
Right.
But anyway so now that this is done now if we submit a user Let's go ahead and do this now and just
submit some guy here called Swaby.
Right from Rico Suave and register the registration has been submitted Let's go back and look at it
actually right here.
Go users.
We got a new user right here.
Let's go to our database and see if we got some of that encrypted password.
Feels good to go.
As you can see here the user password is encrypted.
Right here you see that different combination than this right.
Very different.
A whole bunch of different numbers here.
So now this is encrypted now.
Nobody will be able to hack our application especially they won't be able to get these fields and they
won't be able to get this user information right.
So anyway thank you so much.
And that's the next lecture We're also going to be doing some more modifications and and some more features.
All right adding some more features.
Thank you so much for watching and I see you.
And that's like you guys.
Take care.